Yeah I mean I hope maybe someday when I'll live in a world where I show up in [ahem, create] a space, and humans recognize me, want me, accept me, and bring me into their tribal circle, without inclusivity, and without a lack of understanding. Oh he's being weird? I've been like that. I understand that. Lets bring him closer, not farther.

Wow I love this typewriter page it's beautiful holy shit.

Anyway. The type of learning environment I WILL enjoy creating, has been inspired by this course in the last 15 minutes. I don't just need a safe space in my home, I will lead my small supportive tribe to slowly encourage them to build such a loving space online.


#your expectations of the class?

This class has blown away my expectations.
It's exactly what I want in a class!
Love Languages! Art! Code! Poetry!

Some part of me must think you people don't want me because here I am, already making such assumptions, and making that bittersweet slightly jealous decision to take your work for my own growth, so I can unconsciously try to get the attention I apparently desperately seek.

#anything else you'd like to share?
I love you. That's what I'd like to share. I don't know you that well, but I still care.
Is it fair to call me a troll?
That's not accurate is it?
It's not fair to put me in that role,
and I'm not trolling so.
No this is not my attempt at poetry, these are accidental rhymes.
Here I am, product of your society.

I think that even this interaction, between me, the lurker, invading the space of you, the creator,
A rogue alien invader stepping into a painting, paying for nothing, robbing the sacred, a violence,
That itself is kind of beautiful isn't it?
Are you obsessed with beauty too?
Not as obsessed as me, if you already called me crazy.
I've realized over the years that when they call you crazy,
that's when you've triggered how far they were willing to go for beauty, or love, or passion.
This is beauty.

I am not looking to play by the rules of established art, and I will either be loved or shunned by you, but not ignored.
I admit I'm a little angry as I'm unblocking my creativity these days.

Did I introduce myself?
I've made my first project at lightdark.art [where this very message lives in the sites repo],
and I have a website at sorcerawr.com.

I'm not sure what I want other than loving acceptance [surely you know Presence, teaching a love languages course and all].
Come to think of it, what the fuck does an artist want anyway? I guess I want a sacred communion, and in the feeling of its lack,
here I am lashing out like a hungry baby biting the tit.
And of course, just one more idea, is an art project, cataloguing the desperate isolated artist as he reaches out to his people, but can they take on that amount of shadow? Ohh..
