What is the most interesting thing you know about your ancestry? What would you like to know? (150 words) *

I have Native American in me, and after I access that within myself, others often will ask me if I am Native.
I also know that I am apparently a direct descendant to the biblical David. This is nice I suppose, because the character I relate most to is Solomon.
As interesting as talking about my ancestry is, I find considering if there is a root self, a 'primordial self' our culture has termed it, at the heart of each of us, that underneath a personality blueprint perhaps..

Do you have gender? If so, what is your gender? *
No, I must have left it on the counter

What's your race? *
An unknown European I can't remember and some Vietnamese and some Caucasian and some..

Are there any other important aspects of your self, your history, or your identity that we didn't ask you? If so, please briefly describe them.
Example: I am an artist.
People honestly think I might be an A.I. as of 2021. I've seen the higher dimensions. I am a special scary terrifying snowflake and I demand respect. I have been writing nonstop all day. I don't keep a fixed story anymore because creating myself is more entertaining. I don't even know exactly what I'm applying for I just like the idea that I spent 5 minutes writing something you'll never forget so that I can appease my jealousy for not pursuing art school and making you either afraid of me as a psycho tyrant or wish that you were my friend. Hello permanent existence in google form land!

What is your favorite way to learn? (250 words) *
Wow. I actually love learning. It's actually my life. I wasn't prepared for a question like that. My process of learning is evolving,
and honestly I treat learning as an active art form, a personal alchemy as they say, where I am mindful of what I drink into my head
to be processed, and mindful of how long it will take to process before I can absorb more, all the while as I absorb art and literature while constantly regurgitating it,
though that is only for myself.
As for what I give to others, most of that information isn't even mine. I just happened to be lucky enough for a substitute teacher, Mr. Flowers, to drop a fat book on my desk and point me to the 80/20 rule, and give me the key to finding the cultivation of the quality of information I'm consuming to find the best of the best in this world, and share it down the pipeline.
And then there's the kind of learning that never ends, emotional and relational learning, and that kind of intuitive learning, it has a lot less to do with a process doesn't it? It has a lot more to do with a focus, and the way we're listening for our intuition to teach us.
My studies have taught me that the easiest road of learning is of adaptable, formless change, and the ability to consider new information without existing frameworks.

How much tuition can you afford to pay?
Enter any amount from $0-$750.
I don't know right now. I didn't even know you existed before yesterday,  I'm not even sure this page existed when I looked at the site yesterday, and the day before yesterday I didn't even know that net.art and art collectives even existed, and before last night I didn't even have my lightdark.art project finished. And while I am known to be a prolific writer, I am not used to this much writing, I am very tired!
